# Sweet-Sour Bok-Choy

Recipe by Laura Dietz
Test cook: Ben Gamari

## Shopping List:
 * 2 medium bok choy
 * 1 plum
 * 1 apple or pear
 * 1 large or 2 small tomatoes
 * a packet of cracked wheat (bulgur)
 * rice vinegar
 * soy sauce
 * olive oil
 * apple cider
 * fresh (or frozen) parsley
 * salt, pepper, sugar, ground cumin, paprika

## Procedure
 1. soak 1 cup of cracked wheat with 1 cup of water (add a bit of salt)
 2. heat in the microwave for 1-2 minutes, set aside (for at least 15 minutes)

 3. separate bok choy leaves and wash
 4. cut large leaves in halves (along the white stem)

 5. cut 1 plum into slices
 6. cut 1 apple or pear into slices
 7. cut 1 large tomato (or two small tomatoes) into slices (remove the stems)

 8. in a small bowl mix:
     * 1 table spoon of rice vinegar
     * 1 table spoon of soy sauce
     * 1 heaped tea spoon of sugar
     * add a bit of salt and pepper
     * optionally: add 1 table spoon of apple cider
 9. taste it!
    it should have a sweet - sour - fruity flavor! if it is too
    bland add soy sauce or salt; if it is too sour add sugar or cider; if
    its is not sour enough, add vinegar.


10. heat pan to medium heat (7) with 2 table spoons of olive oil and a
    bit of ground cumin once heated (if cumin is burned you over-heated
    the pan, start over):
11. add bok choy, and fry from both sides (approx 2 minutes per side),
    the bok choy will wilt during the process and make more space in the
    pan
12. add the cut tomato, plum and apple/pear, stir while frying for 2 more minutes.
    
In the mean time check on the soaked wheat, stir with a fork. 
then taste: if no water left, but still too cruchy add water and
reheat for 1 minute in the microwave

13. add the sauce from the bowl and let simmer (**) for 5 more minutes

in the mean time:
 * wash and cut 2 twigs of parsley (including stems)

 * add a bit of paprika (or chili) powder to the pan
14. continue stiring

15. Try the sauce. If wanted: add pepper, more salt, or sugar
16. If you want more sauce, add cider & soy sauce

17. Try the vegetables, the bok choy should be wilted on the leaves,
    and slightly crunchy at the white stem.

18. Try the soaked wheat, if should be soft in the middle, but not
    mushy. If too much water is left, strain.


19. Just before serving, add cut parsley to the pan and stir.

20. Then serve the soaked wheat as a side with veggies and sauce on top.




(*) "a bit" refers to the quanity that fits between thumb, index and middle finger if you pick it from a bowl.

(**) simmer:  boiling, but not boiling briskly. Adjust heat if necessary.


