# make herb oil

Ingredients:
 * 4 dried tomatoes
 * 3 twigs of rosemary
 * 3 twigs of oregano
 * 3 twigs of thyme
 * Chives
 * Olive oil

Cut fresh herbs and dried tomatoe and soak in 3-4 table spoons of olive oil.

# make dough

Ingredients:
 * 1 packet yeast
 * 4 cups of white flour
 * 1/2 cup of buttermilk
 * Warm water
 * Salt
 * Sugar
 * Olive oil

1. Rehydrate yeast in 1/2 cup of warm (not too hot) water with 1 teaspoon of sugar until bubbly

2. Mix flour with 1 table spoon of salt

3. Mix buttermilk, 1 table spoon of olive oil and a bit of warm water

4. Make a dent in the flour, pour in yeast and half of the buttermilk mixture.

5. Mix flour into mixture from the sides. 

6. Start kneading with your hands.

7. Goal is a soft sticky dough that barely scrapes off your skin. Add buttermilk mixture and/ or flour accordingly

8. Cover with a sprinkle of water and let rise at a warm spot for 30 minutes

9. In the mean time....

# make spinach mixture

Ingredients:
 * A bag of fresh spinach
 * Chives
 * 1 tomatoe
 * 1 clove of garlic 
 * Olive oil
 * salt, paprika, ground cumin, pepper
 * balsamic vinegar, 
 * cream or half & half.

1. Wash and chop spinach, rinse twice
2. Chop chives, garlic and tomatoe

3. Heat large sauce pan on medium heat with 1 table spoon of olive oil

4. Add chives
5. Add spinach

6. Wait and gently stir until spinach collapses
7. Add Tomatoe and garlic
8. Stir
9. Add some salt, pepper, paprika, cumin
10. Stir
11. Add a shot of balsamic vinegar
12. Stir until thickens

13. Take off heat and add 1 table spoon of cream or half and half

14. Set aside until dough ready

# combine

1. Preheat oven to 350 F

2. Get casserole dish

3. Spread most of herb oil onto the bottom of casserole pan

4. Divide dough in half.

5. Knead 1 part of dough flatten and put in casserole

6. Add spinach mixture on dough layer

7. Knead rest of dough, flatten, and cover spinach

8. Sprinkle rest of herb oil on top layer, sprinkle a bit of salt and pepper on top

9. Bake for 45 minutes until golden brown. Test whether dough is baked all the way through.

10. Let cool down then gobble everything up
